bsdgames-osx: the classic bsdgames ported to Mac OS X
-----------------------------------------------------

These are the classic bsdgames of old. They've been imported from DragonFly 
BSD's sources (the games in Dragonfly BSD can be found at 
http://gitweb.dragonflybsd.org/dragonfly.git/tree/v2.4.0:/games), along with 
some patches from FreeBSD ports, and only modified enough to get them to build 
on Mac OS X. 

WARNING: These games could conceivably be a security risk (that's the warning I
remember seeing with bsdgames in FreeBSD). If this is a concern, don't install
them. I am also not responsible if they blow up your computer, lure aliens to 
your house, run up huge credit card bills, eat your dog, or give you a menacing
side-eye. There's also NO WARRANTY, implied or otherwise.

*** hunt used to use hosts.allow and hosts.deny for access to the huntd server.
Mac OS 10.8 "Mountain Lion", however, has dropped tcp_wrappers from the
operating system. If you do run hunt on a server connected directly to the
Internet, use firewall rules to control who can connect to the huntd server
rather than hosts.allow and hosts.deny. ***

Games included are:

	adventure 
	arithmetic 
	atc 
	backgammon 
	battlestar 
	bcd 
	bs 
	caesar 
	canfield 
	cribbage 
	dab
	factor 
	fish 
	gomoku
	grdc 
	hack 
	hangman 
	hunt 
	larn 
	mille 
	number 
	phantasia 
	pig 
	pom 
	ppt 
	primes 
	quiz 
	rain 
	random 
	robots 
	rogue 
	sail 
	snake 
	trek 
	wargames 
	worm 
	worms 
	wump

INSTALLATION
------------

bsdmake is needed to build the games. If needed, you can install it out of 
homebrew (it doesn't come with recent versions of Xcode).

These games have been built on Mac OS X 10.7 Lion and 10.8 Mountain Lion. They 
seem to build best with clang - if the compiler complains about redundant 
declarations, "CC=clang bsdmake" seems to work wonders. For me it was defaulting
to clang on Mountain Lion, but to gcc on Lion. Other versions of Mac OS X have
not been tested.

Installation is pretty basic. The steps are to run "bsdmake", then "sudo 
bsdmake install", and it will install in /usr/local (or elsewhere, if you edit 
the Makefile). A homebrew formula will be coming soon as well to make it even
easier. See BUGS for information for 10.7 users (at least), however.

BUGS
----
Currently, to the best of my knowledge, all games are building and running.

Many of these programs have hard coded paths. Currently all of them are now
changed to sensible defaults under /usr/local, but if you want to install 
somewhere that *isn't* /usr/local, you'll need to find and update the paths.

morse and piano have been removed because they depend on sound stuff that's not 
readily available on OS X. dm was removed because, well, no one would want to
deal with it anyway.

fortune has been removed because it is readily available elsewhere, and in fact
has its own homebrew formula. It's best not to duplicate it here.

If you use the bsdmake in /usr/bin on 10.7 (and probably before), it will try
to install as root by default. Either install the bsdmake from homebrew and use
the homebrew version (you'll need to directly use the version in 
/usr/local/Cellar) or set BINOWN, BINGRP, LIBOWN, LIBGRP, etc. to the user and
groups you want.

COPYRIGHT
---------
See the COPYRIGHT file & the source for the programs themselves. I claim no
authorship of them. Most of the games were imported from Dragonfly BSD, but
gomoku and dab were from NetBSD.

"AUTHOR"
--------
For lack of a better term. The work porting the bsdgames to OS X was done by me,
Jeremy Bingham <jbingham@gmail.com>.
